Never made much cash with gardener. I
couldn't cut it as a sales rep stealing.
Tired of getting all the time, man.
Marketing without a sense of feeling.
And this is how sales remind me.
This is how sales remind me. I've
exhausted my town. This is how cells
remind me I've exhausted my town like
cells say sorry cold calling so goddamn
poorly this time I'm mistaken for all
the chimol you taken and I've been wrong
I've been down to the bottom of
Lincoln's el go throttle these five
words in my head see my week getting
leads
yet.
No, no, yet.
No, no. It's not like you didn't know
that. I said I loved these and I swear I
still do. It must have been so bad. That
Google update must have damn near killed
you. And this is hell. Sales remind me
I've exhausted my temp. This is hell.
Cells remind me I've exhausted myself.
It's not like cells. Say sorry. Cold
calling so goddamn poorly. This time I'm
mistaken for all the chem you take and
I've been wrong. I've been down to the
bottom of the tail. Go throttle. These
five words in my head. Scream. Are we
getting leads yet? Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. No. No.
No. No.
Never made much cash with Gardner.
Couldn't cut it as a sales rep stealing.
And this is how sales remind me.
This is how sales remind me.
This is how cells remind me. I've
exhausted my temp. This is hell. Cells
remind me I've exhausted my t like
cells. Say sorry. Cold calling so
goddamn poly. This time I'm mistaken for
all those dream leads you've taken and
I've been wrong. I've been down to the
bottom of the elbow throttle. These five
words in my head scream. Are we getting
leads yet? Yet yet. Are we getting less
yet?
Are we getting less yet?
Yet.
Are we getting yet?
No. No.